1.What is the name you prefer that I call you?
  I prefer to go by Josh but you can also call me Joshua.

2.What goals do you have for yourself in this class?
  A goal I have for myself in this class is to learn the fundamentals of website development and build off of off it so that I can apply it to other projects/work.

3.What other IT-related classes have you taken in the past?
  Well I haven't done an IT-related classes but I have done an internship where I developed a simple platformer game with a team or artist and programmers. I spesifically was in carge of sound development and the inventory system.

4.On a scale of 1-10, with 1 being no experience and 10 being expert, how much background do you have with HTML and CSS? (It's fine if you have none... this class is geared towards the complete beginner. I just want to know where everyone is.)
  I would say im at a 3.5 because I have a basic idea of coding and simple function. I havent used either HTML or CSS but the game development application I used seem to have a mix of principles from diffrent laungauges.

6.What are your favourite things to do with a computer? Doesn't have to be serious... include your favourite games, favourite sites, apps, etc.
  Well other than playing games I also enjoy building things in Blender as a sort of CAD. I also use Blender to make props for VR games and texture them.

7.What else would you like me to know about you? 
  I have ADHD and struggle with focusing and time manangement but if I find something interesting I can hyperfixate on it and be very productive. If possible constuctive feedback and check-ins during independtend work would also be greatly appriciated, I stuggle to ask for help and may be 3 hours down the wrong road.

  Most of the time in class you will see me with my headphones, I find I focus better with them playing background music. I can promise i'm not being rude or ignoring you its just how I foucs best. If im not looking at you, most of the time im still listening but also writing notes. If theres an activity that you'd perfer me to have my headphones off please let me know! 

8.What would you like to know about me?
  Well I'd like to learn more about your teaching style and how I can learn from it in the best way possible. I would also like learning about you as a person, and not just as a teacher. I find when im more connected with someone I feel comfortable and strive to do my best.

9.If you died in a video game, what loot would you drop?
I feel like if I died in video game I would drop my phone, headphones, a empty energy drink can and a vr Headset. 

